docs: specify the package and repository security policies (#598)
electron/governance: wg-infra/policy/npm.md

# NPM Packages

## Maintainer Access

Maintainer access to npm is governed by the [npm access policy](./access/npm.md).

## Package Security

NPM packages that Electron is responsible for must meet the following requirements:

* Packages **must** be published from CI systems only

> * Automatic release credentials **must** be restricted to the default branch

Reviewer: Does this need to be amended as per the recent node-abi change since we're releasing to a `3-x-y` maintenance branch?

  * Per the [GitHub policy](github.md) this default branch must be protected as this is an eligible repository
* Publishing system
  * Packages **should** be publised via an [OIDC Trusted Publisher](https://docs.npmjs.com/trusted-publishers)
  * Packages existing before August 9th 2025 **may** be published via [Continuous Auth](https://github.com/continuousauth/web)
* Package Settings

>   * Packages **must** have a single owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Packages **must** have a single maintainer
```

I think this is the word they use on npm's admin panel interface

>     * Packages using OIDC Trusted Publisher's **must** be owned by the `electronhq` account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Packages using OIDC Trusted Publishers **must** be owned by the [`electronhq`](https://www.npmjs.com/~electronhq) account
```

>     * Pacakes using Continuous Auth **must** be owned by the `electron-cfa` account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Packages using Continuous Auth **must** be owned by the [`electron-cfa`](https://www.npmjs.com/~electron-cfa) account
```
